known_issue: add known issue about project out of date (#3242)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v1-4-0

NCSDK-6777: Project out of date when :option:`CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT` is set

>   The DFU zip is regenerated even when no changes is done to the files it depends on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The DFU :file:`.zip` file is regenerated even when no changes are made to the files it depends on.
```

>   As a consequence, SES will display a "Project out of date" message even when the project is not out of date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a consequence, SES displays a "Project out of date" message even when the project is not out of date.
```

>   **Workaround:** Apply https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3241

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Apply the fix from `sdk-nrf's Pull Request #3241 <https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3241>`.
```
